Description of customer lifecycle
--------------------------

A customer is in one of the following five stages:

**Lead.**
Every potential customer starts out as a lead. A lead is defined as a *potential future customer*.

A lead can come from various channels such as website, network, friends, online marketing and recommendations.

*Goal of a lead*: get a list of any potential opportunity this lead might have.

**Opportunity.**
An opportunity is a project a lead might be interested in. A lead might have multiple opportunities (and even after an opportunity has been closed to an active project, we should cultivate more opportunities).

*Goal of an opportunity*: make it concrete and start a project.

**Active customer**
When an opportunity has been closed and turned into an active customer, we should make sure to deliver quality, happiness and results.

*Goal of a customer*: Deliver better results than the customer can dream off.

**Passive customer**
When a project has been delivered, or an on-going project has a pause, we call it a passive customer. We define it as a passive customer after 3 weeks with no active work.

*Goal of a passive customer*: to active the customer by following up by the key account manager.

**Lost customer**
A lost customer is when a customer has said they wanted to stop using us and left. There can be many reasons, but it's essential we're very open and acceptable about it.

*Goal of a lost customer*: be extremely open and transparent in the process, and be open for a potential return later.