Migrate code into cloud
===================

**The challenge**
Many (solo) developers work with code locally on their machine. When they send to other people / developers, they turn it into a Zip file and send it.

This has some obvious issues:

 - You cannot scale to multiple developers
 - You have no control of versioning
 - You, as the customer, has absolutely no control over the source code
 - Lets say we are developing a big new feature that is not ready to go live, but we have a bug in the live version we have to fix. How do we fix that? 

There are plenty of additional issues, and by default we STRONGLY suggest going away from this option.

**The solution**
Today software companies often use something called "*version control systems*".
That is just a fancy word for "Programming code in the cloud".

Just like you have a host for your website, you also have a host for your code.

That allows:

- Many developers can work together
- Every single change in the code is stored and can be restored
- You can review each others code (ie. developer A can send a request to developer B to review his code)
- Support for features (when we make something new, it's isolated into a feature that doesn't involve the normal code), releases (we collect multiple tasks into a release that where we fix details until it's ready for a release) and hotfixes (when something urgent needs to be fixed, we can do it easily) )

**How much does it cost?**
There are two fees: the price for the code hosting and our fee to set it up.

Price for hosting:
There are three options.

 1. Github (open source). Your code is open and public, but it's free.
 2. Github (organization) - 25 USD / month. Your code is private and secured
 3. BitBucket - free (starting out).

I always recommend Github despite the fee, because it's easier to work with, has more functionality and allows for much better collaboration between developers. 
For very price sensitive customers BitBucket is an acceptable solution as well.

Our fee:
Setting the code inside the system takes 2-3 hours.