Description of a project manager
================================

**General description:**
Customers will put in new tasks on a given project, and a project manager has to make sure they get done. "Done" does not just mean it's deployed, it means:

- Customer is happy with the result
- It's tested thoroughly
- The technical implementation is high quality

That results in a couple of core tasks:

**Core tasks:**

- Break down a customer task, into "relevant subparts". A subpart should have a maximum of 30 hours of work in them. 
- Make sure all *details are clear* by asking the customer questions
- Answer questions from rest of the team
- Assign and reassign responsible people inside Trello
- Describe exactly how a task can be tested, in detail, so when "those use cases work", the task "works"

**Example:**
Let us say a customer have a travelling website. They now make a task saying: "The customer should be able to log in and see a profile". 

That means we have to ask a lot of questions:
- How should it look?
- Is there existing users in the system?
- Should there by any social media login?

Lets say that the customer never had users before, and want to be able to log in with simple e-mail+password and Facebook.

Then we can break task into subparts such as:
- Simple user login
- Email management (sending "reset password" and "welcome to XXX" emails)
- Social media login

And even from there, there are a lot of details.

It's your task as a project manager to make sure all these details are **very clear**. The details are the key here.